salutations everyone this is raising 13
here giving you another moment for 3
info update with mom or 43 they got two
new game modes first one many of you
know about is called Kill Confirmed
which is kinda like team deathmatch
except when you kill someone that person
will drop dog tags and what you have to
do is run over the body collect those
dog tags and you'll get your kill
confirmed your enemy can reclaim those
dog tags and that will deny your kill so
it won't count towards your team score
so this interesting idea obviously took
it from crisis to but that's I really
don't have a problem with you know other
FPS is borrowing from each other because
after all it's the same same game
honestly you have a gun and you're
shooting people and shit happens but
yeah killer confirms sounds interesting
but who knows how it's actually going to
be playing there's it sounds like it's
going to be much more like demolition in
the fact that the better team is going
to control the game you know and
demolition the response or a very
controllable and you can just really
just slaughter the other team Kill
Confirmed could be the same thing and
the fact that you can just kill someone
and sit back wait for one of the
teammates to try to deny that kill and
then you'll kill that person and then
once you got a kind of two three four
enemy dog tags is lined up for you and
once you've killed enough people that
they're not spawning near those dog tags
you can go ahead and swap them up all at
the same time so this might encourage
camping this might encourage you know
half the team staying back and getting
kills and having a couple of people just
running around collected all tags with
you know extreme conditioning and ninja
and the speed attachment and so that
could that could be could be a problem
but but who knows it could be a really
fun game type it's at least they're
adding new game types to mod warfare 3
they didn't really do that
yups as well as mama her to really and
the other new game type that they have a
mom where 43 is called team defender now
what team defender is is a kind of like
oddball from a halo except it's a team
based game there's a neutral flag in the
middle of the map and each team wants to
get that flag and hold on to it as long
as they can and they'll get points for
the elective time that they have that
flag so one person grab the flag and the
entire team wants to defend that person
so their score can keep going up and
they'll eventually win the game so
that's really interesting game mode I
think we're going to see a lot of a
montage clips because people are going
to be in real tight tight Nick quarters
trying to protect one dude on their team
so you know see four quads or triples
plays and sim tech woggs could be quite
common but who knows it does sound
interesting and you know some people
might find some expectations in this
game mode as well as any really other
game mode or any map with any perks or
guns people are going to find out the
cheapest way to play this game and that
that's that's this just all Call of
Duty's in general and that's what makes
it so great about the beginning of the
new game is that everyone's new to it
we're all the same plainfield to be all
the same weapons and perks to start off
with unless of course you have the game
already which she would if you went to
cod XP you already had a free copy of
mom or 43 game it looks like most the
maps are pretty close-knit quarters so
SMGs might be reign supreme and the ump
it seems like these submachine gun of
choice once again who knows if they're
going to nerf it though just like in
black ops they can release a patch on
game day like in black ops where they
took away quickscoping so no one who
didn't have the game before its release
could quiz go up any longer and they
could do the same thing 143 if they want
to know some guns or you know perks
killstreaks if they want to which I
encourage if something seems too
unbalanced because Infinity Ward really
wants to push that this is a balanced
game and I'm not buying that so far it's
I'm glad to see that there's no Harrier
strike chopper gunner set up which is
also common in my word for two you know
two kills you do pred you get the
Harrier and then you get your chopper
and it's just too much air support if
you ask me it slows the game down and it
makes it too easy for bad players to get
good scores which I tend not to be a fan
of this is just my opinion just my own
opinion and take it for what you want
I'm sure some people are glad that death
streak some noob tubes are in this game
and mom or 43 is going to reap in
rewards and they're going to get that
cash money and so that's really in the
video guys I have some more mom or 43
info and updates to come so be sure to
stay tuned for that and once again if
you have any questions whatsoever at all
just post down below and I will answer
them also I'd like to thank anyone who
was watching my previous mom would 43
videos I really didn't expect this kind
of support I really just put out the
videos so my subscribers can see some
honest-to-goodness information about the
game there's a lot of rumors out there a
lot of bad old info that people are
still convinced is true and the more you
watch my videos and the more favorites
to get and the more noticeable they are
for people to look at so they can wise
up to I I know many of you might not
like people running around with that
information trying to spread it and the
more my videos get out there the more
good information there's going to be and
less ignorant people but um you don't
have to favor it or like these videos at
all if you don't want to it just helps
spread the information a lot I really
don't care if you hit that like button
or not it just shows me that you like
the information that you want see more
of it so I just like to express my
appreciation for you guys I can't
believe the amount of views I'm getting
on some of my videos
what's it's a really unexpected and I'd
like to thank you all for for watching
and I will see you guys later